# 第八章 discontinuities module


#### [原文链接](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/discontinuities.html)




*class* `simupy.discontinuities.``DiscontinuousSystem`(*state_equation=None*, *state=None*, *input_=None*, *output_equation=None*, *constants_values={}*, *dt=0*, *initial_condition=None*, *code_generator=None*, *code_generator_args={}*)[[source]](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_modules/simupy/discontinuities.html#DiscontinuousSystem)[](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/discontinuities.html#simupy.discontinuities.DiscontinuousSystem "Permalink to this definition")



Bases: [`<span class="pre">simupy.systems.symbolic.DynamicalSystem</span>`](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/symbolic_systems.html#simupy.systems.symbolic.DynamicalSystem "simupy.systems.symbolic.DynamicalSystem")

A continuous-time dynamical system with a discontinuity. Must provide the following attributes in addition to those of DynamicalSystem:

`<span class="pre">event_equation_function</span>` - A function called at each integration time- step and stored in simulation results. Takes input and state, if stateful. A zero-crossing of this output triggers the discontinuity.

`<span class="pre">event_equation_function</span>` - A function that is called when the discontinuity occurs. This is generally used to change what `<span class="pre">state_equation_function</span>`, `<span class="pre">output_equation_function</span>`, and `<span class="pre">event_equation_function</span>` compute based on the occurance of the discontinuity. If stateful, returns the state immediately after the discontinuity.

DynamicalSystem constructor, used to create systems from symbolic expressions.

 
| Parameters: |  
* **state_equation** (*array_like of sympy Expressions**,* *optional*) – Vector valued expression for the derivative of the state.
* **state** (*array_like of sympy symbols**,* *optional*) – Vector of symbols representing the components of the state, in the desired order, matching state_equation.
* **input** (*array_like of sympy symbols**,* *optional*) – Vector of symbols representing the components of the input, in the desired order. state_equation may depend on the system input. If the system has no state, the output_equation may depend on the system input.
* **output_equation** (*array_like of sympy Expressions*) – Vector valued expression for the output of the system.
* **constants_values** (*dict*) – Dictionary of constants substitutions.
* **dt** (*float*) – Sampling rate of system. Use 0 for continuous time systems.
* **initial_condition** (*array_like of numerical values**,* *optional*) – Array or Matrix used as the initial condition of the system. Defaults to zeros of the same dimension as the state.
* **code_generator** (*callable**,* *optional*) – Function to be used as code generator.
* **code_generator_args** (*dict**,* *optional*) – Dictionary of keyword args to pass to the code generator.

 |

By default, the code generator uses a wrapper for `<span class="pre">sympy.lambdify</span>`. You can change it by passing the system initialization arguments `<span class="pre">code_generator</span>` (the function) and additional keyword arguments to the generator in a dictionary `<span class="pre">code_generator_args</span>`. You can change the defaults for future systems by changing the module values. See the readme or docs for an example.



`dt`[](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/discontinuities.html#simupy.discontinuities.DiscontinuousSystem.dt "Permalink to this definition")





`event_equation_function`(**args*, ***kwargs*)[[source]](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_modules/simupy/discontinuities.html#DiscontinuousSystem.event_equation_function)[](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/discontinuities.html#simupy.discontinuities.DiscontinuousSystem.event_equation_function "Permalink to this definition")





`update_equation_function`(**args*, ***kwargs*)[[source]](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_modules/simupy/discontinuities.html#DiscontinuousSystem.update_equation_function)[](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/discontinuities.html#simupy.discontinuities.DiscontinuousSystem.update_equation_function "Permalink to this definition")









*class* `simupy.discontinuities.``MemorylessDiscontinuousSystem`(*input_=None*, *output_equation=None*, ***kwargs*)[[source]](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_modules/simupy/discontinuities.html#MemorylessDiscontinuousSystem)[](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/discontinuities.html#simupy.discontinuities.MemorylessDiscontinuousSystem "Permalink to this definition")



Bases: [`<span class="pre">simupy.discontinuities.DiscontinuousSystem</span>`](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/discontinuities.html#simupy.discontinuities.DiscontinuousSystem "simupy.discontinuities.DiscontinuousSystem"), [`<span class="pre">simupy.systems.symbolic.MemorylessSystem</span>`](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/symbolic_systems.html#simupy.systems.symbolic.MemorylessSystem "simupy.systems.symbolic.MemorylessSystem")

DynamicalSystem constructor

 
| Parameters: |  
* **input** (*array_like of sympy symbols*) – Vector of symbols representing the components of the input, in the desired order. The output may depend on the system input.
* **output_equation** (*array_like of sympy Expressions*) – Vector valued expression for the output of the system.

 |







*class* `simupy.discontinuities.``SwitchedOutput`(*event_variable_equation*, *event_bounds_expressions*, *state_equations=None*, *output_equations=None*, *state_update_equation=None*, ***kwargs*)[[source]](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_modules/simupy/discontinuities.html#SwitchedOutput)[](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/discontinuities.html#simupy.discontinuities.SwitchedOutput "Permalink to this definition")



Bases: [`<span class="pre">simupy.discontinuities.SwitchedSystem</span>`](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/discontinuities.html#simupy.discontinuities.SwitchedSystem "simupy.discontinuities.SwitchedSystem"), [`<span class="pre">simupy.discontinuities.MemorylessDiscontinuousSystem</span>`](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/discontinuities.html#simupy.discontinuities.MemorylessDiscontinuousSystem "simupy.discontinuities.MemorylessDiscontinuousSystem")

A memoryless discontinuous system to conveninetly construct switched outputs.

SwitchedSystem constructor, used to create switched systems from symbolic expressions. The parameters below are in addition to parameters from the `<span class="pre">systems.symbolic.DynamicalSystems</span>` constructor.

 
| Parameters: |  
* **event_variable_equation** (*sympy Expression*) – Expression representing the event_equation_function
* **event_bounds_expressions** (*list-like of sympy Expressions* *or* *floats*) – Ordered list-like values which define the boundaries of events (relative to event_variable_equation).
* **state_equations** (*array_like of sympy Expressions**,* *optional*) – The state equations of the system. The first dimension indexes the event-state and should be one more than the number of event bounds. This should also be indexed to match the boundaries (i.e., the first expression is used when the event_variable_equation is below the first event_bounds value). The second dimension is dim_state of the system. If only 1-D, uses single equation for every condition.
* **output_equations** (*array_like of sympy Expressions**,* *optional*) – The output equations of the system. The first dimension indexes the event-state and should be one more than the number of event bounds. This should also be indexed to match the boundaries (i.e., the first expression is used when the event_variable_equation is below the first event_bounds value). The second dimension is dim_output of the system. If only 1-D, uses single equation for every condition.
* **state_update_equation** (*sympy Expression*) – Expression representing the state_update_equation_function

 |







*class* `simupy.discontinuities.``SwitchedSystem`(*event_variable_equation*, *event_bounds_expressions*, *state_equations=None*, *output_equations=None*, *state_update_equation=None*, ***kwargs*)[[source]](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_modules/simupy/discontinuities.html#SwitchedSystem)[](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/discontinuities.html#simupy.discontinuities.SwitchedSystem "Permalink to this definition")



Bases: [`<span class="pre">simupy.systems.SwitchedSystem</span>`](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/systems.html#simupy.systems.SwitchedSystem "simupy.systems.SwitchedSystem"), [`<span class="pre">simupy.discontinuities.DiscontinuousSystem</span>`](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/discontinuities.html#simupy.discontinuities.DiscontinuousSystem "simupy.discontinuities.DiscontinuousSystem")

SwitchedSystem constructor, used to create switched systems from symbolic expressions. The parameters below are in addition to parameters from the `<span class="pre">systems.symbolic.DynamicalSystems</span>` constructor.

 
| Parameters: |  
* **event_variable_equation** (*sympy Expression*) – Expression representing the event_equation_function
* **event_bounds_expressions** (*list-like of sympy Expressions* *or* *floats*) – Ordered list-like values which define the boundaries of events (relative to event_variable_equation).
* **state_equations** (*array_like of sympy Expressions**,* *optional*) – The state equations of the system. The first dimension indexes the event-state and should be one more than the number of event bounds. This should also be indexed to match the boundaries (i.e., the first expression is used when the event_variable_equation is below the first event_bounds value). The second dimension is dim_state of the system. If only 1-D, uses single equation for every condition.
* **output_equations** (*array_like of sympy Expressions**,* *optional*) – The output equations of the system. The first dimension indexes the event-state and should be one more than the number of event bounds. This should also be indexed to match the boundaries (i.e., the first expression is used when the event_variable_equation is below the first event_bounds value). The second dimension is dim_output of the system. If only 1-D, uses single equation for every condition.
* **state_update_equation** (*sympy Expression*) – Expression representing the state_update_equation_function

 |



`event_bounds_expressions`[](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/discontinuities.html#simupy.discontinuities.SwitchedSystem.event_bounds_expressions "Permalink to this definition")





`event_variable_equation`[](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/discontinuities.html#simupy.discontinuities.SwitchedSystem.event_variable_equation "Permalink to this definition")





`output_equations`[](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/discontinuities.html#simupy.discontinuities.SwitchedSystem.output_equations "Permalink to this definition")





`prepare_to_integrate`()[[source]](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_modules/simupy/discontinuities.html#SwitchedSystem.prepare_to_integrate)[](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/discontinuities.html#simupy.discontinuities.SwitchedSystem.prepare_to_integrate "Permalink to this definition")





`state_equations`[](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/discontinuities.html#simupy.discontinuities.SwitchedSystem.state_equations "Permalink to this definition")





`state_update_equation`[](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/discontinuities.html#simupy.discontinuities.SwitchedSystem.state_update_equation "Permalink to this definition")





`validate`(*from_self=False*)[[source]](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_modules/simupy/discontinuities.html#SwitchedSystem.validate)[](https://simupy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/discontinuities.html#simupy.discontinuities.SwitchedSystem.validate "Permalink to this definition")









